She advised him to come back at once.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
The old apple revels in its authority.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Let me help you with your baggage.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
The lake is a long way from here.
The river stole the gods.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Mary plays the piano.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Please wait outside of the house.
The book is in front of the table.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
We need to rent a room for our party.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
This is a Japanese doll.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Hurry!
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She did her best to help him.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Christmas is coming.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.